you know if someone said Alan if you
lived on a deserted island you could
only have one herb which one would it be
I'd have to say it would be rosemary
this is the most amazing herb around
it's actually a woody plant that will
make a shrub if grown in temperatures
that are mild now what's interesting
about this plant is for centuries it has
been used in Mediterranean styled
gardens as a hedge you can actually clip
this and it could be quite beautiful but
I think the reason to grow rosemary is
not so much as a decorative plant in the
garden but for its aroma and its
culinary use what a clean wonderful
aroma now you may say I don't have a lot
of room or time to garden this is the
plant for you if you want to limit it to
just a few plants make sure among them
you have rosemary these will grow
beautifully in containers out on your
deck or patio just make sure that you
have plenty of Sun and when it comes to
soil these plants have to have
well-drained soil so whatever you put in
the container make sure there's plenty
of sand or grit where the water will not
stand around the roots now you may say
well is it just a green plant well it
actually is an evergreen in mild
climates but it also produces a
beautiful flower that comes in various
shades of blue and some white depending
on the variety you plant now the reason
I grow rosemary is because it tastes so
good try this take a baking hen and
slide just the tips of rosemary like
this up under the skin of the chicken
then fill the cavity of the chicken with
cloves of garlic and wedges of lemon
then just take some sea salt and rub it
over it and roast it but you talk about
good and it all comes from well all
those different flavors working together
but I tell you rosemary plays a
principal role you see all of those
essential oils in the leaves permeate
through the bird and it is delicious
your friends and family will love it
give it a try if you'd like more
information on this topic or any other
gardening topic just check out my
website pln smith.com
you